[theme song starts]
[computer blipping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
MISSING LINK
[Jeremy] What could Yumi be doing?
We have to get some data
out of Sector Five.
It's not like her to be late.
Maybe she's with William?
-Hmm.
-I said maybe.
[Aelita] By the way, Jeremy, have you made
any headway on the antivirus recently?
Well… Actually, it's going kind of slow.
I'm missing a lot of important codes.
But, with a little luck,
we'll find them today.
And then it's "Ciao, XANA."
We'll finally be able to shut
down the Supercomputer.
[panting]
We better forget about Yumi.
I'm transferring you.
Transfer Odd.
Transfer Aelita.
Transfer Ulrich.
[Jeremy] Scanner Odd.
Scanner Ulrich.
Scanner Aelita.
Virtualization!
[all grunt]
Now head for the edge of the sector, OK?
Oh! There you are.
[panting]
Hi Jeremy. Sorry, I…
Hurry up! I'll tell them to wait for you.
[mechanical whirring]
Virtualization!
[grunts]
A little longer and we would have started
the party without you.
Where were you?
I had something to do.
Yeah, right. Like being with William.
Huh? Hey, don't you get tired
of being jealous all the time?
[Ulrich] Aha, I knew it!
You were with him!
You can believe whatever you want!
Be a jerk if you want, too.
[Ulrich through computer]
You must think I'm really dumb.
Careful, you have visitors.
[Odd] Hey! Settle this later, OK?
I'm gonna give them
a little Odd-acupuncture.
Aelita, take cover!
[grunts]
Laser arrow!
One down.
Great way to start off the morning.
[grunts and yells]
[grunts]
-[grunting]
-[lasers blasting]
[Jeremy through computer] Watch it!
More Kankrelats at five o'clock.
-[grunting]
-[lasers blasting]
-[laser blasting]
-[grunts]
[grunts]
-[Odd grunts]
-[Ulrich gasps]
[groans]
Pretty interesting welcoming committee.
[Jeremy through computer]
What did you expect?
XANA hates it
when we go fishing in Sector Five.
[Ulrich groans]
Two more.
-[laser blasting]
-[grunts]
[Odd] Laser arrow!
Oh no! The Scyphozoa!
-Huh?
[Yumi groans]
Yumi!
Yumi, are you OK?
[groaning]
I don't know. I feel kind of funny.
[Odd] Anyway, it seems to have scared
the Kankrelats away.
Why would they go after you?
We'll abort the mission.
[Jeremy through computer]
Materialization Yumi! Materialization Odd!
Materialization Aelita!
You must have tripped on your fingers,
Einstein. Yumi isn't here.
[Jeremy gasps]
Jeremy? Is something wrong?
Umm…
No. I must have made a mistake.
I'll reboot the program.
Materialization Ulrich!
[digital whirring]
Materialization Yumi!
[Ulrich groans]
[whimpers in fear]
-This again.
-[Ulrich gasps]
Huh?
I can't believe it.
[through computer]
I don't know what's going on.
I can't devirtualize you!
What?
[Jeremy through computer] Go hide out
in a tower while I figure this out!
Direction south-southeast!
[theme music]
[Jeremy] Don't worry. I'll find the bug!
You'll be safe in the tower!
[Yumi] It's not XANA
I'm worried about, Jeremy!
It's the principal.
Huh?
[Ulrich] Oh, no! I almost forgot.
Today it's the class picture!
What class picture?
[Odd] Hello! The ninth-grade picture.
It's this morning.
One day's suspension
for any unjustified absence!
Thanks a lot, Delmas!
[Yumi]
Can you just picture my parents' faces
if I get suspended?
I'll do all I can, Yumi, I promise!
[Odd] Hey! I have an idea!
You know what a good actor I am, right!
With a wig, a dress, and a little makeup,
I could take your place
in the photo and bam!
Signed, sealed and delivered!
Signed, sealed and suspended
is more like it.
-[Yumi] No way.
-Hang on a second, huh.
That's not a bad idea!
Ah! You see, Ulrich finally admits
that I'm a great actor.
-You? You stink.
-Huh?
But I know a really great actress!
[humming]
Hmm?
[Ulrich] Hi, Sissi.
Say, can I talk to you for a second?
Well, yeah, of course!
I have something really
important to ask you.
Who? Me?
And in exchange, I'm ready to do
whatever you want!
Anything?
Well, almost anything.
In my opinion,
when the Scyphozoa attacked you,
he gave you some kind of bug, Yumi.
[Yumi] Could he have
stolen some of my memory?
That's strange, it's my memory
that XANA seems to be after.
If you ask me, the Scyphozoa
took something else from you.
Stand still, I'm launching
the digital analysis.
[computer chirping]
[scanning]
-[beeping]
-[digital whirring]
Oh no! I don't believe it!
What's the matter?
[Jeremy]
The Scyphozoa has stolen
the sequence code for your human DNA!
Oh! What's that?
[Jeremy]
Well, when you're virtualized,
you keep your human DNA sequence code.
You can't do it without it.
It defines
your molecular structure which--
OK, OK! Just get to the point!
-No DNA, no way to get back to Earth!
-[Aelita gasps]
Oh, no!
[theme music]
I'm listening.
Well, since Yumi can't be here
this morning,
I'd like you to stand in for her.
Um… In the ninth-grade class photo.
[chuckles]
Hmm…
OK.
-Huh?
-[gasps] You'll do it?
And… what do you want in exchange?
Oh! What do you think I am?
I don't want anything at all.
Just call it a personal favor to you,
and that's that.
[humming]
This can't be true.
What about my parents! And school!
And my brother…
You have to find a solution, Jeremy!
My whole life is on Earth!
Don't panic, Yumi.
I'll do everything I can.
-What if…
-You have an idea?
I think so. Send me to Lyoko.
-What are you going to do?
-Just trust me this time.
Alright, I'll bring you up
close to the tower.
A quarter of an hour to put on
a dress and a wig. Unbelievable!
-[groans]
-There you go.
What do you think?
[gasps and sighs]
Not bad.
The hair looks like Yumi's.
Yes, but she doesn't dress like that.
She always wears black,
and her dresses are longer,
-and less…
-Less sexy?
[Sissy] Well, why don't you bring me
one of her dresses?
Right. Good idea, we'll try.
Sissy is being, uh, strangely helpful.
Yeah, I suppose. Weird, huh?
[digital whirring]
Huh!
Cool, it's open, I'm in. Piece of cake.
Warn me if you see anyone coming.
I read you loud and clear, General.
[chuckles]
OK, Aelita, the tower is nearby.
At ten o'clock.
[Mr. Ishiyama] I'll have another Shiro-An.
You did a very good job
on the white bean paste!
-[groans]
-[beeping]
[Mrs. Ishiyama]
You know Takeho, I've been feeling
-depressed lately.
-[gasps]
[Mrs. Ishiyama] You don't pay
any attention to me.
It's almost as if you never
listen to me anymore.
[Mr. Ishiyama] Hmm… Delicious…
Oh, sorry, what were you saying?
[Jeremy through computer]
Watch out for monsters!
Aelita, now will you tell me
what your idea is?
[Aelita] No!
[gasps]
[Mrs. Ishiyama]
It's always the same thing.
My mother warned me
not to marry a man from Tokyo.
Huh!
[gasps]
Hmm…
Bingo!
[gasps]
[computer chirping]
[Jeremy] Aelita!
Please, tell me what you're up to!
[Aelita] There. Process launched!
What process?
The process of transferring my DNA
sequence code to your virtual structure!
[gasps]
What? Are you crazy?
Jeremy, Yumi belongs on Earth.
If anyone should stay on Lyoko
until we find a solution, it's me!
[Jeremy through computer]
I don't agree with that! Aelita, stop--
I knew he was going to say that.
You know that you're making
a big sacrifice, Aelita.
Call it whatever you want to.
Aelita! Do you hear me?
Aelita! I can't believe this…
[computer chirping]
[beeping]
I don't even know
how that kind of transfer works.
[computer blipping]
Oh no! This is unbelievable!
[Ulrich] OK.
[Mrs. Ishiyama] I'm gonna wake Hiroki!
[gasps]
-[mobile ringing]
-[groans]
-[Ulrich groans]
-Yumi?
Hmm…
-Hmm…
-[beeping]
[Mr. Ishiyama]
Darling? Have you seen Yumi?
[Mrs. Ishiyama] No,
she must have left for school already.
She forgot her cell phone.
[gasps]
[videogame blipping]
-[Ulrich] Odd!
-Huh?
Odd, is that how you stand guard?
I didn't see anyone go by.
You got the dress?
-[mobile ringing]
-[gasps]
Jeremy? Sorry.
I didn't mean to hang up on you
but it was either that
-or getting caught by Yumi's mum!
-Listen to me!
Aelita is on Lyoko, transferring her
DNA sequence code over to Yumi!
Uh… So what?
You mean, that's not a good idea?
[Jeremy] No!
[through phone] Aelita doesn't know
that when she transfers her code over,
her memory will be exposed.
What? Are you saying say that XANA
will just be able to steal it at will?
[Jeremy through phone] That's right!
I'm sure that's why
the Scyphozoa attacked Yumi!
It is another one of XANA's
little evil schemes!
Then warn Aelita! Tell her to stop!
I can't! She's cut all communication
with the tower.
You have to get to Lyoko fast!
[theme music]
OK, I wouldn't exactly call glamorous.
But it will do. You can count on me.
Thanks, Sissy.
-I owe you one.
-[chuckles]
Only ten more minutes before the transfer.
Everything will be just fine.
[Odd panting]
Girls!
You leave them alone for five minutes
and it's mess after mess after mess.
Jeremy, warm up the scanners,
we're on our way.
[grunts]
[grunts and yells]
[indistinct chatter]
[Jeremy] Transfer, Ulrich!
Transfer, Odd!
Scanner Ulrich.
[through computer] Scanner Odd.
[scanning]
Virtualization!
Hey, Yumi. I was looking for you
in the school yard this morning.
Hey, wait, who are you?
That's the principal's daughter.
It's Elisabeth. Too weird.
[gasps]
Listen, first of all, my name is Sissy,
and second of all, juts shut up, OK?
-OK, Elisabeth.
-[Sissy slaps him]
-[all laugh]
-Uh, that hurt!
[Jeremy through computer] You should
be able to spot the tower now.
There it is. We'll be there in a minute.
Just one more minute.
[beeping]
Hurry up, hurry up!
Aelita! Stop right now!
If the transfer takes place,
XANA will steal all your memory!
[Ulrich] Aelita, stop everything!
Huh?
[digital whirring]
Uff!
-[Aelita] Jeremy?
-Aelita,
you're so stubborn.
That was a silly thing to do.
[gasps]
I'm sorry.
But I thought I was doing the right thing.
I understand and I appreciate it too.
[Odd] You're turning into
a real human being.
You're beginning to confuse
generosity with stupidity!
Anyway, we still have no idea
how to save, Yumi.
Don't bet on that.
I just happen to have a brilliant idea.
XANA has stolen Yumi's DNA code sequence,
so it must be in his memory!
And how do we get access to XANA's memory?
[all] Sector Five!
Hmm…
Why are you dressed up to look like Yumi?
It's none of your business.
Anyway, that dumb haircut
of yours is really old-fashioned.
I never look old-fashioned, understand?
Everything looks fashionable on me.
Ugh, it's a good thing
I didn't eat breakfast this morning.
-[all laughing]
-Quiet down!
He's right! Shut up, will you?
[principal Delmas]
What's all this noise about?
Yumi? Is something wrong?
-Yumi! I'm speaking to you!
-[groans]
-Sissi?
[gasps] I can explain everything,
Daddy darling!
[all] Daddy darling!
-[all laugh]
-[principal Delmas] That's enough!
[Jeremy through computer] By the way,
Yumi, just a little detail.
Without your human DNA sequence code,
you're just as vulnerable as Aelita!
-If you get hit, you'll disappear forever!
-Great.
[Yumi] Come on! Let's go!
[Aelita panting]
[Aelita groaning]
The countdown has started!
You have three minutes
to get out of the Core Zone!
First we have to find the key.
Check at the end of the corridor!
I spotted the mechanism on the wall
at the end of the room.
[computer chirping]
Yes, I see it over there.
Looks like a trap to me, but when
you gotta go, you gotta go!
[gasps]
Huh?
-[Ulrich] Odd!
-[Odd grunts]
-[both groan]
-[both gasp]
-Watch out.
[both groan]
The whole ceiling is booby trapped!
Move it!
[both grunting]
Faster, guys! You've got
one minute left to turn the key!
[both panting]
[both grunting]
Move it!
[Odd] Timber!
[grunts]
Odd! [groans]
Ah!
[pants and gasps]
Odd, are you OK?
[grunts]
Well…
[pants]
OK!
[Jeremy through computer]
Good work, Ulrich!
[both panting]
After you, ladies.
[electricity crackles]
[Ulrich] Here comes our taxi.
We'd better not miss it! Now!
[Aelita yells]
[electricity crackles]
[Aelita gasps]
-[Aelita gasps]
-[Ulrich groans]
Aelita, do you know where to find
Yumi's DNA sequence code?
Not really… But I'll manage somehow.
[Ulrich] The Flying Mantas' nest
is about to hatch.
We don't have much time left!
Uh… Yumi… I wanted to apologize
for this morning.
It was none of my business
what you've been doing…
That's true. But I'll tell you anyway.
I was buying two tickets
for the Subsonics' concert
and it wasn't easy.
Bad Internet connection.
Look out! The nest has hatched.
-[lasers blasting]
-[both grunt]
[groans]
[Jeremy]
How's it going Aelita?
Nothing yet.
[groaning]
Huh?
[Yumi grunts]
-[groans]
-[Aelita] Oh, that's it!
I've got it.
I'm sending it to you now, Jeremy!
Uh, I've got it! OK, Yumi,
I'll download it back to you in a second.
I'm going to be real happy to go ho--
[groans and yells]
Yumi!
[grunts and groans]
[grunting]
[Aelita] Did you have time
to reinsert her code?
I sure hope so.
You two, get out of there.
-[Ulrich gasps]
-[Aelita pants]
[Jeremy]
The North Tunnel! It's open!
[Ulrich] Yumi. Uh!
It's OK, don't worry.
She's out cold, but she's here with us.
[sighs]
-[sighs]
-[moans]
How about you, Odd? How are you feeling?
[Odd grunting]
-Ever been flattened by a steam roller?
-No.
It's simple. Just get yourself
devirtualized in Sector Five.
[chuckles]
[theme music]
[indistinct chatter]
[Ulrich] Your father caught you?
Am I going to get suspended?
Don't worry! I saved your day.
I'll get punished but not you!
Anyway, I know how to talk to my father.
Here! Here's your dress back.
That's…
That's really nice of you, Sissi!
Yeah, she's right, thank you.
I told you you could count on me.
See you later.
-[Yumi] Mmm?
-Hmm-hmm…
[Yumi] Sissi, uh, wait!
How would you like to go see
the Subsonics with Ulrich?
Are you kidding? Great!
Something's really fishy about
the way Sissi's behaving.
Maybe deep down she's a very nice person.
Or she's really crazy about Ulrich.
What a mess!
[theme music]